I tried to install a few android os's. These are some of my notes.

# Installation

You can download the iso files and install onto a live usb. You can do this
with the dd linux utility, but this can be dangerous. I lost everything on my
hard disk this way. Its best to install etcher or some other program to create
the live usb.

## Partitioning

The installations prefer a MBR or GPT partitioning table. Create an empty
partiton to install the OS because the installer isn't good at partitioning
itself. Tell it to install in the empty partition and create an ext4 file
system.

## Android OSs

### PrimeOS

Version standard

I got this to boot. It worked nicely. One of the better user interfaces. Roblox
would load, I could sign-in, but I the screen would go black when I tried to
play a game. Running the app minimized helped. I could get into a game, but it
eventually crashed.

### BlissOS

Version v11.11

I got this to boot, but I couldn't get Google Play to work properly.

### PhoenixOS

The best interface thus far. Google Play worked, but Roblox kept crashing when
I tried to run it. Other apps such as Pandora, DuckDuckGo, Gacha Life all
worked well.

### Android x86

Version x86-9.0-r2

I couldn't get Google Play to work properly. It wouldn't let me into the OS
without configuring Google Play.

### Chromium OS

Looks like you have to compile this one.

### Remix OS

### OpenThos

### Lineage OS

## Grub

You may need to edit your grub configuration. The 2 files that I edited are
`/etc/default/grub` and `/etc/grub.d/40_custom`

Below is my `/etc/default/grub` file:

	GRUB_DEFAULT=0
	GRUB_TIMEOUT=10
	#GRUB_TIMEOUT_STYLE=hidden
	GRUB_HIDDEN_TIMEOUT_QUIET=true
	GRUB_DISTRIBUTOR="Manjaro"
	GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet apparmor=1 security=apparmor resume=UUID=2ce3e529-b337-4672-a300-3f09d77c5718 udev.log_priority=3"
	#GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet splash"
	GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX=""

	# If you want to enable the save default function, uncomment the following
	# line, and set GRUB_DEFAULT to saved.
	#GRUB_SAVEDEFAULT=true

	# Preload both GPT and MBR modules so that they are not missed
	GRUB_PRELOAD_MODULES="part_gpt part_msdos"

	# Uncomment to enable booting from LUKS encrypted devices
	#GRUB_ENABLE_CRYPTODISK=y

	# Uncomment to use basic console
	GRUB_TERMINAL_INPUT=console

	# Uncomment to disable graphical terminal
	#GRUB_TERMINAL_OUTPUT=console

	# The resolution used on graphical terminal
	# note that you can use only modes which your graphic card supports via VBE
	# you can see them in real GRUB with the command 'videoinfo'
	GRUB_GFXMODE=auto

	# Uncomment to allow the kernel use the same resolution used by grub
	GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD_LINUX=keep

	# Uncomment if you want GRUB to pass to the Linux kernel the old parameter
	# format "root=/dev/xxx" instead of "root=/dev/disk/by-uuid/xxx"
	#GRUB_DISABLE_LINUX_UUID=true

	# Uncomment to disable generation of recovery mode menu entries
	GRUB_DISABLE_RECOVERY=true

	# Uncomment and set to the desired menu colors.  Used by normal and wallpaper
	# modes only.  Entries specified as foreground/background.
	GRUB_COLOR_NORMAL="light-gray/black"
	GRUB_COLOR_HIGHLIGHT="green/black"

	# Uncomment one of them for the gfx desired, a image background or a gfxtheme
	#GRUB_BACKGROUND="/usr/share/grub/background.png"
	GRUB_THEME="/usr/share/grub/themes/manjaro/theme.txt"

Below is my `/etc/grub.d/40_custom` file:

	# Uncomment to get a beep at GRUB start
	#GRUB_INIT_TUNE="480 440 1"
	#!/bin/sh
	exec tail -n +3 $0
	# This file provides an easy way to add custom menu entries.  Simply type the
	# menu entries you want to add after this comment.  Be careful not to change
	# the 'exec tail' line above.
	menuentry "BlissOS" {
	set root=(hd0,msdos3)
	linux /bliss-x86-11.11/kernel quiet root=/dev/ram0 androidboot.selinux=permissive buildvariant=userdebug SRC=/bliss-x86-11.11
	initrd /bliss-x86-11.11/initrd.img
	}

	menuentry "PhoenixOS" {
	set root=(hd0,msdos3)
	linux /PhoenixOS/kernel quiet root=/dev/ram0 androidboot.selinux=permissive buildvariant=userdebug SRC=/PhoenixOS
	initrd /PhoenixOS/initrd.img
	}
